Pandas 2.0 Suppor in (#460)
rapidsai/docs: _notices/rsn0036.md

---
layout: notice
parent: RAPIDS Support Notices
grand_parent: RAPIDS Notices
nav_exclude: true
notice_type: rsn
# Update meta-data for notice
notice_id: 36 # should match notice number
notice_pin: false # set to true to pin to notice page
title: "Support for Pandas 2.0 in Release v24.02"
notice_author: RAPIDS TPM
notice_status: In Progress
notice_status_color: Yellow
# 'notice_status' and 'notice_status_color' combinations:
#   "Proposal" - "blue"
#   "Completed" - "green"
#   "Review" - "purple"
#   "In Progress" - "yellow"
#   "Closed" - "red"
notice_topic: Platform Support Change
notice_rapids_version: "v24.02+"
notice_created: 2023-12-06
# 'notice_updated' should match 'notice_created' until an update is made
notice_updated: 2023-12-06
---

## Overview

> Pandas 1.x series support will be removed in the upcoming release of v24.02 scheduled for Februry 8, 2024.  Starting effectively in release v24.04 scheduled for April 11, 2024 the minimum Pandas suport will be 2.0 for RAPIDS 

Reviewer: This is correct, 1.x still supported in 24.02; removed in 24.04.

> Pandas 1.x series support will be removed in the upcoming release of v24.02 scheduled for Februry 8, 2024.  Starting effectively in release v24.04 scheduled for April 11, 2024 the minimum Pandas suport will be 2.0 for RAPIDS 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pandas 1.x series support will be deprecated in the upcoming release of `v24.02` scheduled for February 8, 2024, and removed in `v24.04`, scheduled for April 11, 2024. Effective `v24.04`, the minimum version of Pandas supported will be Pandas 2. 

```

Reviewer: Do we want to decide on a specific minimum version of Pandas to target here? Might be nice to give a specific version rather than "Pandas 2". @shwina, thoughts?

Reviewer 2: I can talk for @shwina here, we can support every version starting from `2.0.0`

## Impact

> Users should plan to move to a supported Pandas version 2.0 as soon as possible. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Users should plan to move to Pandas 2 for RAPIDS 24.04 and later. 
```

---
layout: notice
parent: RAPIDS Support Notices
grand_parent: RAPIDS Notices
nav_exclude: true
notice_type: rsn
# Update meta-data for notice
notice_id: 36 # should match notice number

> notice_pin: false # set to true to pin to notice page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
notice_pin: true # set to true to pin to notice page

```
